KCP CLI: rename to kcp, documentation (#270)
kyma-project/control-plane: docs/cli/commands/kcp_taskrun.md

For each subprocess, the following Runtime-specific data are passed as environment variables:
  - KUBECONFIG       : Path to the kubeconfig file for the specific Runtime
  - GLOBALACCOUNT_ID : Global account ID of the Runtime
  - SUBACCOUNT_ID    : Subaccount ID of the Runtime
  - RUNTIME_NAME     : Shoot cluster name
  - RUNTIME_ID       : Runtime ID of the Runtime

	If all subprocesses finish successfully with the zero status code, the exit status is zero (0). If one or more subprocesses exit with a non-zero status, the command will also exit with a non-zero status.

```bash
kcp taskrun --target {TARGET SPEC} ... [--target-exclude {TARGET SPEC} ...] COMMAND [ARGS ...] [flags]
```

## Examples

```
  kcp taskrun --target all kubectl patch deployment valid-deployment -p '{"metadata":{"labels":{"my-label": "my-value"}}}'
    Execute a kubectl patch operation for all Runtimes.
  kcp taskrun --target account=CA4836781TID000000000123456789 /usr/local/bin/awesome-script.sh
    Run a maintenance script for all Runtimes of a given global account.
  kcp taskrun --target all helm upgrade -i -n kyma-system my-kyma-addon --values overrides.yaml

>     Deploy a helm chart on all Runtimes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Deploy a Helm chart on all Runtimes.
```

  -p, --parallelism int              Number of parallel commands to execute. (default 8)
  -t, --target stringArray           List of Runtime target specifiers to include. You can specify this option multiple times.
                                     A target specifier is a comma-separated list of the following selectors:
                                       all                 : All Runtimes provisioned successfully and not deprovisioning
                                       account=<REGEXP>    : Regex pattern to match against the Runtime's global account field, e.g. "CA50125541TID000000000741207136", "CA.*"
                                       subaccount=<REGEXP> : Regex pattern to match against the Runtime's subaccount field, e.g. "0d20e315-d0b4-48a2-9512-49bc8eb03cd1"
                                       region=<REGEXP>     : Regex pattern to match against the Runtime's provider region field, e.g. "europe|eu-"
                                       runtime-id=<ID>     : Runtime ID is used to indicate a specific Runtime

>   -e, --target-exclude stringArray   List of runtime target specifiers to exclude. You can specify this option multiple times.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  -e, --target-exclude stringArray   List of Runtime target specifiers to exclude. You can specify this option multiple times.
```

>                                      A target specifier is a comma-separated list of the selectors described under --target option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                                     A target specifier is a comma-separated list of the selectors described under the --target option.
```

For each subprocess, the following runtime specific data are passed as environment variables:
  KUBECONFIG       : Path to the kubeconfig file for the specific runtimme
  GLOBALACCOUNT_ID : Global Account ID of the runtime
  SUBACCOUNT_ID    : Subaccount ID of the runtime
  RUNTIME_NAME     : Shoot cluster name
  RUNTIME_ID       : Runtime ID of the runtime

The exit status is zero (0) if all subprocesses exit successfully with zero status code. If one or more subprocesses exit with non-zero status, the command will also exit with non-zero status.

```bash
kcp taskrun --target <TARGET SPEC> ... [--target-exclude <TARGET SPEC> ...] COMMAND [ARGS ...] [flags]
```

## Examples

```
  kcp taskrun --target all kubectl patch deployment valid-deployment -p '{"spec":{"template":{"spec":{"containers":[{"name":"kubernetes-serve-hostname","image":"new image"}]}}}}'
    Execute a kubectl patch operation for all runtimes
  kcp taskrun --target account=CA4836781TID000000000123456789 /usr/local/bin/awesome-script.sh
    Run a maintenance script for all runtimes of a given Global Account
  kcp taskrun --target all helm upgrade -i -n kyma-system my-kyma-addon --values overrides.yaml

>     Deploy or a helm chart on all runtimes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Deploy a Helm chart on all runtimes
```

```

## Options

```

>       --keep                         Keep downloaded kubeconfigs after execution for caching purpose

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      --keep                         Option that allows you to keep downloaded kubeconfig files after execution for caching purposes
```

>       --kubeconfig-dir string        Directory to download runtime kubeconfigs to. By default it is a random-generated directory in the OS specific default temporary directory (e.g. /tmp in Linux)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      --kubeconfig-dir string        Directory to download Runtime kubeconfig files to. By default, it is a random-generated directory in the OS-specific default temporary directory (e.g. /tmp in Linux).
```

>   -p, --parallelism int              Number of parallel commands to execute (default 8)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  -p, --parallelism int              Number of parallel commands to execute. The default value is 8.
```

Author: default is auto-generated, cannot rephrase.

>   -t, --target stringArray           List of runtime target specifiers to include (the option can be specified multiple times).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  -t, --target stringArray           List of Runtime target specifiers to include. You can specify this option multiple times.
```

>                                      A target specifier is a comma separated list of the following selectors:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                                     A target specifier is a comma-separated list of the following selectors:
```

>                                        all                 : all runtimes provisioned successfully and not deprovisioning

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                                       all                 : All Runtimes provisioned successfully and not deprovisioning
```

>                                        account=<REGEXP>    : Regex pattern to match against the runtime's GlobalAccount field. E.g. CA50125541TID000000000741207136, "CA.*"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                                       account=<REGEXP>    : Regex pattern to match against the Runtime's global account field, e.g. CA50125541TID000000000741207136, "CA.*"
```

>                                        subaccount=<REGEXP> : Regex pattern to match against the runtime's SubAccount field. E.g. 0d20e315-d0b4-48a2-9512-49bc8eb03cd1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                                       subaccount=<REGEXP> : Regex pattern to match against the Runtime's subaccount field,  e.g. 0d20e315-d0b4-48a2-9512-49bc8eb03cd1
```

>                                        region=<REGEXP>     : Regex pattern to match against the shoot cluster's Region field (provider region). E.g. "europe|eu-"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                                       region=<REGEXP>     : Regex pattern to match against the Shoot cluster's region field (provider region), e.g. "europe|eu-"
```

                                       runtime-id=<ID>     : Runtime ID is used to indicate a specific runtime
  -e, --target-exclude stringArray   List of runtime target specifiers to exclude (the option can be specified multiple times).

>                                      A target specifier is a comma separated list of the selectors described under --target option

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                                     A target specifier is a comma-separated list of the selectors described under the `--target` option.
```
